Bookmarks

Bookmarks
=========

### Bookmarks bar {#bookmarks-bar add_date="1638449887" last_modified="1645625574" personal_toolbar_folder="true"}

### Programming {#programming add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645625024"}

### Code Editors {#code-editors add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[Atom text editor](https://atom.io/)

[GitHub - onivim/oni2: Native, lightweight modal code
editor](https://github.com/onivim/oni2)

[GitKraken \| Legendary Git Tools](https://www.gitkraken.com/)

[Org-roam](https://www.orgroam.com/)

[Prettier ¬∑ Opinionated Code
Formatter](https://prettier.io/?ref=producthunt)

[The online code editor for web apps. Powered by Visual Studio
Code.](https://stackblitz.com/)

[Vershd is the Effortless Git GUI](https://vershd.io/?ref=producthunt)

### Database {#database add_date="1645622549" last_modified="0"}

[Tour - Topincs](https://www.topincs.com/tour)

### Developer {#developer add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[DevXplore - A Search Engine for
Developers](https://devxplore.herokuapp.com/)

[My Custom Developer
Search](https://cse.google.com/cse?cx=e3f7d4c4dfde9f16a)

[OS.js](https://www.os-js.org/)

### DevOps {#devops add_date="1643138611" last_modified="1645624876"}

[A good terminal experience with iTerm2 and ZSH on macOS \| by Julien
Ponge \|
Medium](https://jponge.medium.com/a-good-terminal-experience-with-iterm2-and-zsh-on-macos-439c106aa22d)

[Explore - IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/explore)

[Product Hunt -- The best new products in
tech.](https://www.producthunt.com/)

### Github {#github add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645625175"}

### AWESOME {#awesome add_date="1642790113" last_modified="1645621451"}

[awesome-dataviz](https://github.com/fasouto/awesome-dataviz)

[GitHub - ivbeg/awesome-forensicstools: Awesome list of digital forensic
tools](https://github.com/ivbeg/awesome-forensicstools)

[GitHub - priyankvadaliya/AwsomeOSINT: Awesome OSINT
stuff](https://github.com/priyankvadaliya/AwsomeOSINT)

[GitHub - redhuntlabs/Awesome-Asset-Discovery: List of Awesome Asset
Discovery
Resources](https://github.com/redhuntlabs/Awesome-Asset-Discovery)

[GitHub - soruly/awesome-acg: A curated list of awesome technologies
related to Anime, Comic and
Games](https://github.com/soruly/awesome-acg)

[r3mlab/datajournalism-resources](https://github.com/r3mlab/datajournalism-resources/blob/master/README.md)

### GITHUB {#github-1 add_date="1645621423" last_modified="1645621451"}

[Awesome Lists](https://github.com/ProjectAwesomeList)

[CocoaSPDY](https://github.com/twitter/CocoaSPDY)

[Codymoose.github.io/web-applications/DigitalDoily/index.html](https://codymoose.github.io/web-applications/DigitalDoily/index.html)

[cydia.biggie.github.io](https://github.com/biggiecam/cydia.biggie.github.io)

[direct-downloads](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/direct-downloads.md)

[flickr-mosaic](https://github.com/AlvinFeng/flickr-mosaic)

[GitHub - abdelhai/awesome-bots: Awesome Links about
bots.](https://github.com/abdelhai/awesome-bots)

[GitHub - ad-si/awesome-lego: Curated list of awesome LEGO
resources](https://github.com/ad-si/awesome-lego)

[GitHub - Ademking/happydia: Happydia (Happy-Social-Media) is a browser
extension that helps you out by cleaning up sad, triggering, and
sometimes just plain annoying news from your social media
feeds.](https://github.com/Ademking/happydia)

[GitHub - ayoy/fontedit: A desktop app to import, edit and export fonts
as byte arrays for use in embedded
systems](https://github.com/ayoy/fontedit)

[GitHub - basharovV/StumbleUponAwesome: ‚ö°Ô∏èA browser extension that takes
you to a random site from one of the awesome curated lists. Like good
ol\' StumbleUpon, for developers, tech & science
lovers.](https://github.com/basharovV/StumbleUponAwesome)

[GitHub - bijij/ViewImage: Extension to re-implement the \"View Image\"
and \"Search by image\" buttons into google
images.](https://github.com/bijij/ViewImage)

[GitHub - chasedooley/mostly-free-resources-for-almost-everyone: A list
of free
resources](https://github.com/chasedooley/mostly-free-resources-for-almost-everyone)

[GitHub - chrissimpkins/codeface: Typefaces for source code
beautification](https://github.com/chrissimpkins/codeface)

[GitHub - dessant/buster: Captcha solver extension for
humans](https://github.com/dessant/buster)

[GitHub - dessant/web-archives: Browser extension for viewing archived
and cached versions of web
pages](https://github.com/dessant/web-archives)

[GitHub - devunt/make-gis-great-again: This web extension adds back
\"View Image\" button to Google Image Search
results.](https://github.com/devunt/make-gis-great-again)

[GitHub - digitaldisarray/OSINT-Tools: Some of my favorite OSINT
tools.](https://github.com/digitaldisarray/OSINT-Tools)

[GitHub - DIYgod/RSSHub: üç∞ Everything is
RSSible](https://github.com/DIYgod/RSSHub)

[GitHub - Emupedia/emupedia.github.io: The purpose of Emupedia is to
serve as a nonprofit meta-resource, hub and community for those
interested mainly in video game preservation which aims to digitally
collect, archive and preserve games and software to make them available
online accessible by a user-friendly UI that simulates several retro
operating systems for educational
purposes.](https://github.com/Emupedia/emupedia.github.io)

[GitHub - Emupedia/emupedia.github.io: The purpose of Emupedia is to
serve as a nonprofit meta-resource, hub and community for those
interested mainly in video game preservation which aims to digitally
collect, archive and preserve games and software to make them available
online accessible by a user-friendly UI that simulates several retro
operating systems for educational
purposes.](https://github.com/Emupedia/emupedia.github.io/)

[GitHub - fireeye/commando-vm: Complete Mandiant Offensive VM (Commando
VM), a fully customizable Windows-based pentesting virtual machine
distribution.
commandovm\@fireeye.com](https://github.com/fireeye/commando-vm)

[GitHub - gavinsharp/SuperStop:
SuperStop](https://github.com/gavinsharp/SuperStop)

[GitHub - gavinsharp/SuperStop:
SuperStop](https://github.com/gavinsharp/SuperStop/)

[GitHub - GitSquared/sherlock-js: Find usernames across over 170 social
networks - Fast & flexible remake of
sdushantha/sherlock](https://github.com/GitSquared/sherlock-js)

[GitHub - Hack-with-Github/Powerful-Plugins: Powerful plugins and
add-ons for
hackers](https://github.com/Hack-with-Github/Powerful-Plugins)

[GitHub - hkirat/awesome-chess:
Chess!](https://github.com/hkirat/awesome-chess)

[GitHub - Ibit-to/google-unlocked: Google Unlocked browser extension
uncensor google search
results](https://github.com/Ibit-to/google-unlocked)

[GitHub - internetarchive/wayback-machine-webextension: A web browser
extension for Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari
14.](https://github.com/internetarchive/wayback-machine-webextension)

[GitHub - iojw/socialscan: Check email address and username availability
on online platforms with 100%
accuracy](https://github.com/iojw/socialscan)

[GitHub - jay0lee/got-your-back: Got Your Back (GYB) is a command line
tool for backing up your Gmail messages to your computer using Gmail\'s
API over HTTPS.](https://github.com/jay0lee/got-your-back)

[GitHub - jswanner/DontFuckWithPaste: Google Chrome extension that
prevents the blocking of pasting into input
fields](https://github.com/jswanner/DontFuckWithPaste)

[GitHub - keitharm/myTube: Youtube without all the
bloat](https://github.com/keitharm/mytube)

[GitHub - lawfx/YoutubeNonStop: Autoclicker for Youtube\'s latest
\"feature\" - Video paused. Continue
watching?](https://github.com/lawfx/YoutubeNonStop)

[GitHub - lorien/awesome-telegram-lists: List of awesome telegram
lists](https://github.com/lorien/awesome-telegram-lists)

[GitHub - new-xkit/XKit: Fork of XKit, the extension framework for
Tumblr](https://github.com/new-xkit/XKit)

[GitHub - nid666/PiracyArchive: A complete backup of the Reddit r/Piracy
sub](https://github.com/nid666/PiracyArchive)

[GitHub - nZEDb/nZEDb: nZEDb - a fork of nnplus(2011) \| NNTP / Usenet /
Newsgroup indexer.](https://github.com/nZEDb/nZEDb)

[GitHub - odebroqueville/contextSearch: Firefox add-on to search
selected text in a web page using your favorite search engines from a
context menu or from a grid of
icons.](https://github.com/odebroqueville/contextSearch)

[GitHub - oyd11/awesome-lang: Awesome list, curated language learning
resources](https://github.com/oyd11/awesome-lang)

[GitHub - PetterKraabol/Twitch-Chat-Downloader: Download chat messages
from past broadcasts on
Twitch](https://github.com/PetterKraabol/Twitch-Chat-Downloader)

[GitHub - rahiel/archiveror: Archiveror will help you preserve the
webpages you love. üíæ](https://github.com/rahiel/archiveror)

[GitHub - serhii-londar/awesome-telegram: Curated list of
Telegram-related
projects](https://github.com/serhii-londar/awesome-telegram)

[GitHub - sindresorhus/caprine: Elegant Facebook Messenger desktop
app](https://github.com/sindresorhus/caprine)

[GitHub - soimort/you-get: Dumb downloader that scrapes the
web](https://github.com/soimort/you-get)

[GitHub - stkw0/awesome-telegram-groups: List of telegram
groups](https://github.com/stkw0/awesome-telegram-groups)

[GitHub - streamlink/streamlink-twitch-gui: A multi platform Twitch.tv
browser for
Streamlink](https://github.com/streamlink/streamlink-twitch-gui)

[GitHub - terorie/ytpriv: YT metadata
exporter](https://github.com/terorie/ytwrk)

[GitHub - tobiasbueschel/awesome-pokemon: A curated list of awesome
Pok√©mon & Pok√©mon Go resources, tools and
more.](https://github.com/tobiasbueschel/awesome-pokemon)

[GitHub - tonsky/FiraCode: Free monospaced font with programming
ligatures](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode)

[GitHub - trizen/straw-viewer: A lightweight YouTube client for Linux,
using the API of invidio.us](https://github.com/trizen/straw-viewer)

[GitHub - trizen/youtube-viewer: Lightweight YouTube client for
Linux](https://github.com/trizen/youtube-viewer)

[GitHub - twitch-desktop/twitch-desktop: Twitch Desktop Client for
Windows, OSX and
Linux](https://github.com/twitch-desktop/twitch-desktop)

[GitHub - umutphp/awesome-cli: A simple command line tool to give you a
fancy command line interface to dive into Awesome
lists.](https://github.com/umutphp/awesome-cli)

[GitHub - unrelentingtech/soundfixer: A WebExtension that lets you fix
sound problems in e.g. YouTube
videos](https://github.com/myfreeweb/soundfixer)

[GitHub - vinszent/gnome-twitch: Enjoy Twitch on your GNU/Linux
desktop](https://github.com/vinszent/gnome-twitch)

[GitHub - xbrowsersync/app: xBrowserSync browser extensions / mobile
app](https://github.com/xbrowsersync/app)

[GitHub - yakyak/yakyak: Desktop chat client for Google
Hangouts](https://github.com/yakyak/yakyak)

[GitHub - yanchick/awesome-GoBadukWeiqi: Awesome list for board game
Go/Baduk/Weiqi](https://github.com/yanchick/awesome-GoBadukWeiqi)

[GitHub - zombieFox/nightTab: A neutral new tab page accented with a
chosen colour. Customise the layout, style, background and bookmarks in
nightTab.](https://github.com/zombieFox/nightTab)

[GitLogs News](https://www.gitlogs.com/)

[Paper plotterClose](https://felixboiii.github.io/paper-plotter)

[Paper plotterClose](https://felixboiii.github.io/paper-plotter/)

[PyFunceble](https://pyfunceble.github.io/#/)

[Releases ¬∑ ramboxapp/download ¬∑
GitHub](https://github.com/ramboxapp/download/releases)

[Releases ¬∑ snowie2000/mactype ¬∑
GitHub](https://github.com/snowie2000/mactype/releases)

[warezz/file-sharing.md at master ¬∑
xuac/warezz](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/file-sharing.md)

[warezz/misc.md at master ¬∑
xuac/warezz](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/misc.md)

[warezz/movies-and-tv-shows.md at master ¬∑
xuac/warezz](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/movies-and-tv-shows.md)

[warezz/security.md at master ¬∑
xuac/warezz](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/security.md)

[warezz/software.md at master ¬∑
xuac/warezz](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/software.md)

[warezz/telegram.md at master ¬∑
xuac/warezz](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/telegram.md)

[warezz/tools.md at master ¬∑
xuac/warezz](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/tools.md)

[warezz/userscripts.md at master ¬∑
xuac/warezz](https://github.com/xuac/warezz/blob/master/docs/userscripts.md)

[WebGL Fluid
Experiment](https://haxiomic.github.io/GPU-Fluid-Experiments/html5)

[WebGL Fluid
Experiment](https://haxiomic.github.io/GPU-Fluid-Experiments/html5/)

[WebGL Fluid
Simulation](https://paveldogreat.github.io/WebGL-Fluid-Simulation)

[WebGL Fluid
Simulation](https://paveldogreat.github.io/WebGL-Fluid-Simulation/)

[.scrpt](https://github.com/acdpnk/.scrpt)

[120days](https://github.com/fleshgordo/120days)

[a-Shell-commands](https://github.com/holzschu/a-Shell-commands)

[active\_workflow](https://github.com/automaticmode/active_workflow)

[activity\_logger](https://github.com/goerz/activity_logger)

[ADTimeline](https://github.com/ANSSI-FR/ADTimeline)

[AI-Resources](https://github.com/quickgrid/AI-Resources)

[alombi.xyz](https://github.com/alombi/alombi.xyz)

[Alpha](https://github.com/Legoless/Alpha)

[alphabear-solver](https://github.com/wizardofozzie/alphabear-solver)

[alternative-internet](https://github.com/redecentralize/alternative-internet)

[analytics-ios](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-ios)

[ansible](https://github.com/ansible/ansible)

[APNManager](https://github.com/realityone/APNManager)

[apollo-ios](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios)

[app-talk](https://github.com/pietropizzi/app-talk)

[AppDevKit](https://github.com/yahoo/AppDevKit)

[appflowy](https://github.com/AppFlowy-IO/appflowy)

[appium](https://github.com/appium/appium)

[appium-inspector](https://github.com/appium/appium-inspector)

[AppleScript](https://github.com/jannerchang/AppleScript)

[apps](https://github.com/memair/apps)

[AppSales-Mobile](https://github.com/omz/AppSales-Mobile)

[appstore\_resize](https://github.com/billychasen/appstore_resize)

[apullo](https://github.com/ninoseki/apullo)

[archive\_scripts](https://github.com/lukaskollmer/archive_scripts)

[ArchiveBox](https://github.com/ArchiveBox/ArchiveBox)

[ATX](https://github.com/NetEaseGame/ATX)

[automa](https://github.com/Kholid060/automa)

[automatic-diary](https://github.com/jakubvalenta/automatic-diary)

[Automation](https://github.com/voicepod/Automation)

[aw-watcher-ask](https://github.com/bcbernardo/aw-watcher-ask)

[awesomation](https://github.com/tomwilkie/awesomation)

[awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

[Awesome](https://github.com/Awesome-Windows/Awesome)

[Awesome Repos](https://aggregatedawesome.com/)

[Awesome Viewer - For Awesome Lists](https://awesome.digitalbunker.dev/)

[awesome\_software\_securities](https://github.com/hong6914/awesome_software_securities)

[awesome-answers](https://github.com/cyberglot/awesome-answers)

[awesome-api](https://github.com/Kikobeats/awesome-api)

[awesome-appsec](https://github.com/paragonie/awesome-appsec)

[awesome-audio-visualization](https://github.com/willianjusten/awesome-audio-visualization)

[awesome-bookmarks](https://github.com/PanJiaChen/awesome-bookmarks)

[awesome-bots](https://github.com/DopplerHQ/awesome-bots)

[Awesome-Cellular-Hacking](https://github.com/W00t3k/Awesome-Cellular-Hacking)

[awesome-cheatsheet](https://github.com/detailyang/awesome-cheatsheet)

[awesome-cheatsheets](https://github.com/LeCoupa/awesome-cheatsheets)

[awesome-chrome-devtools](https://github.com/ChromeDevTools/awesome-chrome-devtools)

[Awesome-CobaltStrike](https://github.com/zer0yu/Awesome-CobaltStrike)

[awesome-creative-coding](https://github.com/terkelg/awesome-creative-coding)

[awesome-custom-search-engines](https://github.com/davzoku/awesome-custom-search-engines)

[awesome-cybersecurity-news](https://github.com/ForbiddenProgrammer/awesome-cybersecurity-news)

[awesome-data-takeout](https://github.com/ivbeg/awesome-data-takeout)

[awesome-datahoarding](https://github.com/simon987/awesome-datahoarding)

[awesome-datarecovery](https://github.com/Claudio-C/awesome-datarecovery)

[awesome-datascience](https://github.com/academic/awesome-datascience)

[awesome-dataviz](https://github.com/javierluraschi/awesome-dataviz)

[awesome-discord-communities](https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities)

[Awesome-Ethical-Hacking-Resources](https://github.com/husnainfareed/Awesome-Ethical-Hacking-Resources)

[awesome-event-ids](https://github.com/stuhli/awesome-event-ids)

[awesome-flutter](https://github.com/Solido/awesome-flutter)

[awesome-forensics](https://github.com/cugu/awesome-forensics)

[awesome-free-software](https://github.com/johnjago/awesome-free-software)

[Awesome-Hacking](https://github.com/Hack-with-Github/Awesome-Hacking)

[awesome-hacking](https://github.com/carpedm20/awesome-hacking)

[Awesome-Hacking-Resources](https://github.com/vitalysim/Awesome-Hacking-Resources)

[awesome-honeypots](https://github.com/paralax/awesome-honeypots)

[awesome-incident-response](https://github.com/meirwah/awesome-incident-response)

[awesome-information-retrieval](https://github.com/harpribot/awesome-information-retrieval)

[awesome-ios](https://github.com/vsouza/awesome-ios)

[awesome-ios-developer](https://github.com/jphong1111/awesome-ios-developer)

[awesome-jekyll-plugins](https://github.com/planetjekyll/awesome-jekyll-plugins)

[awesome-linux](https://github.com/inputsh/awesome-linux)

[awesome-macOS](https://github.com/iCHAIT/awesome-macOS)

[awesome-macos-command-line](https://github.com/herrbischoff/awesome-macos-command-line)

[awesome-malware-analysis](https://github.com/rshipp/awesome-malware-analysis)

[awesome-music-production](https://github.com/ad-si/awesome-music-production)

[awesome-neovim](https://github.com/rockerBOO/awesome-neovim)

[Awesome-Onion-Links](https://github.com/5ky1ar/Awesome-Onion-Links)

[awesome-opensource-apps](https://github.com/unicodeveloper/awesome-opensource-apps)

[awesome-osint](https://github.com/jivoi/awesome-osint)

[awesome-pentest](https://github.com/enaqx/awesome-pentest)

[awesome-pentest-cheat-sheets](https://github.com/coreb1t/awesome-pentest-cheat-sheets)

[awesome-piracy](https://github.com/Igglybuff/awesome-piracy)

[awesome-piracy-bot](https://github.com/Igglybuff/awesome-piracy-bot)

[awesome-prometheus](https://github.com/roaldnefs/awesome-prometheus)

[awesome-python](https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python)

[awesome-python-data-science](https://github.com/krzjoa/awesome-python-data-science)

[awesome-quantified-self](https://github.com/woop/awesome-quantified-self)

[Awesome-Red-Teaming](https://github.com/yeyintminthuhtut/Awesome-Red-Teaming)

[awesome-reddit-channels](https://github.com/MadhuNimmo/awesome-reddit-channels)

[awesome-research](https://github.com/emptymalei/awesome-research)

[awesome-resources](https://github.com/lyfeyaj/awesome-resources)

[awesome-sec-talks](https://github.com/PaulSec/awesome-sec-talks)

[awesome-security](https://github.com/sbilly/awesome-security)

[Awesome-Security-Resources](https://github.com/Johnson90512/Awesome-Security-Resources)

[awesome-selfhosted](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted)

[awesome-social-engineering](https://github.com/v2-dev/awesome-social-engineering)

[awesome-sysadmin](https://github.com/awesome-foss/awesome-sysadmin)

[awesome-telegram](https://github.com/ebertti/awesome-telegram)

[awesome-telegram-bots](https://github.com/DenisIzmaylov/awesome-telegram-bots)

[awesome-threat-intelligence](https://github.com/hslatman/awesome-threat-intelligence)

[awesome-tools](https://github.com/cube-js/awesome-tools)

[awesome-userscripts](https://github.com/bvolpato/awesome-userscripts)

[awesome-web-editor](https://github.com/xjh22222228/awesome-web-editor)

[awesome-web-hacking](https://github.com/infoslack/awesome-web-hacking)

[awesome-yara](https://github.com/InQuest/awesome-yara)

[Awesome.json](https://github.com/lockys/Awesome.json)

[AwesomeCSV](https://github.com/secretGeek/AwesomeCSV)

[bagoup](https://github.com/tagatac/bagoup)

[barba\_music](https://github.com/barba99/barba_music)

[BearSchedule](https://github.com/santwer/BearSchedule)

[best-of](https://github.com/best-of-lists/best-of)

[best-of-jupyter](https://github.com/ml-tooling/best-of-jupyter)

[best-of-python](https://github.com/ml-tooling/best-of-python)

[biggie.github.io](https://github.com/biggiecam/biggie.github.io)

[bipio](https://github.com/bipio-server/bipio)

[Bird](https://github.com/vsouza/Bird)

[Bitbucket Repo Search](https://bitbucket.org/repo/all)

[Bitbucket Repo Search](https://bitbucket.org/repo/all/)

[biwx](https://github.com/tkmru/biwx)

[BlockAlertsAnd-ActionSheets](https://github.com/gpambrozio/BlockAlertsAnd-ActionSheets)

[Bly](https://github.com/HBCompass/Bly)

[Bolts-ObjC](https://github.com/BoltsFramework/Bolts-ObjC)

[BonMot](https://github.com/Rightpoint/BonMot)

[booked](https://github.com/tmthrgd/booked)

[Bootstrap](https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/Bootstrap)

[bozocache](https://github.com/theiostream/bozocache)

[brew](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew)

[Build software better, together](https://github.com/topics/cli)

[Build software better, together](https://github.com/topics/homebrew)

[Build software better, together](https://github.com/topics/jekyll)

[Build software better, together](https://github.com/topics/nodejs)

[Build software better, together](https://github.com/topics/npm)

[Build software better, together](https://github.com/topics/parsing)

[Build software better, together](https://github.com/topics/shell)

[Build software better, together](https://github.com/topics/terminal)

[build-your-own-x](https://github.com/danistefanovic/build-your-own-x)

[bypass-paywalls-chrome](https://github.com/iamadamdev/bypass-paywalls-chrome)

[byte-of-python](https://github.com/swaroopch/byte-of-python)

[camera\_photo\_merge](https://github.com/mygeekdaddy/camera_photo_merge)

[canabalt-ios](https://github.com/ericjohnson/canabalt-ios)

[Canvas](https://github.com/CanvasPod/Canvas)

[Celeste2](https://github.com/ExOK/Celeste2)

[CellMD](https://github.com/ColdGrub1384/CellMD)

[chat\_export](https://github.com/keirp/chat_export)

[Chatistics](https://github.com/MasterScrat/Chatistics)

[chatter](https://github.com/visualbasic6/chatter)

[ChineseConv](https://github.com/linusyang/ChineseConv)

[chnroutes](https://github.com/fivesheep/chnroutes)

[chrome-extensions](https://github.com/learn-anything/chrome-extensions)

[chrome-timeline-statistics](https://github.com/mathew-kurian/chrome-timeline-statistics)

[Ciphey](https://github.com/Ciphey/Ciphey)

[ck](https://github.com/mlcommons/ck)

[cleverhans](https://github.com/cleverhans-lab/cleverhans)

[Clutch](https://github.com/KJCracks/Clutch)

[CocoaAsyncSocket](https://github.com/robbiehanson/CocoaAsyncSocket)

[CocoaSPDY](https://github.com/twitter-archive/CocoaSPDY)

[code\_samples](https://github.com/tanant/code_samples)

[CodeHub](https://github.com/CodeHubApp/CodeHub)

[coding-interview-university](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university)

[Coding-iOS](https://github.com/Coding/Coding-iOS)

[computer-science](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science)

[Context-Menu.iOS](https://github.com/Yalantis/Context-Menu.iOS)

[conversation-analyzer](https://github.com/5agado/conversation-analyzer)

[Core-Data-Editor](https://github.com/ChristianKienle/Core-Data-Editor)

[CouchPotatoServer](https://github.com/CouchPotato/CouchPotatoServer)

[crack-pro](https://github.com/Azim-vau/crack-pro)

[CRToast](https://github.com/cruffenach/CRToast)

[csvreader](https://github.com/csvreader/csvreader)

[cultivar](https://github.com/DistrictDataLabs/cultivar)

[CyberSec-resources](https://github.com/DavidJKTofan/CyberSec-resources)

[Cydia](https://github.com/autopear/Cydia)

[cydia](https://github.com/sarim/cydia)

[Cydia\_Apps](https://github.com/jmmaloney4/Cydia_Apps)

[Cydia-Repository](https://github.com/PocketMine/Cydia-Repository)

[cylinder-master](https://github.com/henrik4433/cylinder-master)

[CyLogos](https://github.com/thomasfinch/CyLogos)

[DAKeyboardControl](https://github.com/danielamitay/DAKeyboardControl)

[dash](https://github.com/plotly/dash)

[Dash-iOS](https://github.com/Kapeli/Dash-iOS)

[data\_hacks](https://github.com/bitly/data_hacks)

[data-diary](https://github.com/pleonova/data-diary)

[Data-Logger-for-iPhone](https://github.com/cosm/Data-Logger-for-iPhone)

[data-science-ipython-notebooks](https://github.com/donnemartin/data-science-ipython-notebooks)

[datacurator-filetree](https://github.com/roboyoshi/datacurator-filetree)

[DataSciencePython](https://github.com/ujjwalkarn/DataSciencePython)

[datasploit](https://github.com/DataSploit/datasploit)

[date2name](https://github.com/novoid/date2name)

[daylight](https://github.com/reubn/daylight)

[dbss](https://github.com/hakutsuru/dbss)

[DCRM](https://github.com/82Flex/DCRM)

[Deep-Explorer](https://github.com/blueudp/Deep-Explorer)

[Deep-Spying](https://github.com/tonybeltramelli/Deep-Spying)

[DeepSort](https://github.com/CorentinB/DeepSort)

[dejavu](https://github.com/worldveil/dejavu)

[densenet-tensorflow](https://github.com/YixuanLi/densenet-tensorflow)

[DesignerNewsApp](https://github.com/MengTo/DesignerNewsApp)

[digital-forensics-lab](https://github.com/frankwxu/digital-forensics-lab)

[discord-open-source](https://github.com/discord/discord-open-source)

[DiscordChatExporter](https://github.com/Tyrrrz/DiscordChatExporter)

[DISMGUI](https://github.com/mikecel79/DISMGUI)

[Django](https://github.com/gutechsoc-hackathon/Django)

[django-data-wizard](https://github.com/wq/django-data-wizard)

[django-quantified-self](https://github.com/ggjersund/django-quantified-self)

[dkhamsing.github.io](https://github.com/dkhamsing/dkhamsing.github.io)

[DKNightVersion](https://github.com/draveness/DKNightVersion)

[doesitarm](https://github.com/ThatGuySam/doesitarm)

[dotsublime](https://github.com/quchunguang/dotsublime)

[draft-ietf-sacm-information-model](https://github.com/sacmwg/draft-ietf-sacm-information-model)

[drafts\_to\_gist](https://github.com/ChewingPencils/drafts_to_gist)

[drivedl](https://github.com/architdate/drivedl)

[DropdownMenu](https://github.com/nmattisson/DropdownMenu)

[EAIntroView](https://github.com/ealeksandrov/EAIntroView)

[echarts](https://github.com/apache/echarts)

[EchoPwn](https://github.com/hackerspider1/EchoPwn)

[ECSlidingViewController](https://github.com/ECSlidingViewController/ECSlidingViewController)

[edex-ui](https://github.com/GitSquared/edex-ui)

[edit-scripts](https://github.com/holypriest/edit-scripts)

[EditMaker](https://github.com/reinecke/EditMaker)

[editolido](https://github.com/flyingeek/editolido)

[editorial](https://github.com/analogmethod/editorial)

[editorial-crypto](https://github.com/mkarneim/editorial-crypto)

[editorial-scripts](https://github.com/kalupa/editorial-scripts)

[Editorial-Stuff](https://github.com/pfcbenjamin/Editorial-Stuff)

[eigen](https://github.com/artsy/eigen)

[Ejecta](https://github.com/phoboslab/Ejecta)

[elizabeth](https://github.com/pwaldhauer/elizabeth)

[elpa-mirror](https://github.com/d12frosted/elpa-mirror)

[email2phonenumber](https://github.com/martinvigo/email2phonenumber)

[ESTMusicPlayer](https://github.com/Aufree/ESTMusicPlayer)

[Ethical-Hacking-Tools](https://github.com/hhhrrrttt222111/Ethical-Hacking-Tools)

[eva](https://github.com/meedstrom/eva)

[eventgrinder](https://github.com/rosskarchner/eventgrinder)

[everydayvirtualvacation](https://github.com/chapmanjacobd/everydayvirtualvacation)

[exceljs](https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs)

[existAPI](https://github.com/bellebethcooper/existAPI)

[ExistExportToSQL](https://github.com/smklancher/ExistExportToSQL)

[export-github-stars](https://github.com/KeziahMoselle/export-github-stars)

[EZAudio](https://github.com/syedhali/EZAudio)

[ezcf](https://github.com/laike9m/ezcf)

[face\_recognition](https://github.com/ageitgey/face_recognition)

[Facebook-BruteForce](https://github.com/IAmBlackHacker/Facebook-BruteForce)

[facebook-data-analyzer](https://github.com/leerob/facebook-data-analyzer)

[facebook-message-parser](https://github.com/Ruthenic/facebook-message-parser)

[Facebook-message-to-CSV-exporter](https://github.com/sushil79g/Facebook-message-to-CSV-exporter)

[Facebook-Messenger-Export](https://github.com/bencooper222/Facebook-Messenger-Export)

[Facebook-Messenger-Export-Display](https://github.com/bencooper222/Facebook-Messenger-Export-Display)

[Facebook-Messenger-JSON-viewer](https://github.com/simonwongwong/Facebook-Messenger-JSON-viewer)

[Facebook-Messenger-Statistics](https://github.com/simonwongwong/Facebook-Messenger-Statistics)

[facebook-parser](https://github.com/ferran7e/facebook-parser)

[FacebookToolkit](https://github.com/warifp/FacebookToolkit)

[faker](https://github.com/deepthawtz/faker)

[FB-Crack-](https://github.com/INDOnimous/FB-Crack-)

[fb-export-to-slack](https://github.com/alexyorke/fb-export-to-slack)

[FbBruteforcer](https://github.com/JoyGhoshs/FbBruteforcer)

[fbexport](https://github.com/mariuz/fbexport)

[fbmessengerexport](https://github.com/karlicoss/fbmessengerexport)

[fbtimestamp](https://github.com/gamma032steam/fbtimestamp)

[feed-scraping](https://github.com/mihaip/feed-scraping)

[felicette](https://github.com/plant99/felicette)

[FileMasta](https://github.com/ohhsodead/FileMasta)

[FLAnimatedImage](https://github.com/Flipboard/FLAnimatedImage)

[flask\_reddit](https://github.com/codelucas/flask_reddit)

[FLEX](https://github.com/XueshiQiao/FLEX)

[FLEXLoader](https://github.com/XueshiQiao/FLEXLoader)

[flickr-mosaic](https://github.com/nivlaaa/flickr-mosaic)

[foam](https://github.com/foambubble/foam)

[fontdump](https://github.com/glasslion/fontdump)

[Forensic-Tools](https://github.com/MonroCoury/Forensic-Tools)

[forever-chat-imessage-export](https://github.com/jkeen/forever-chat-imessage-export)

[Form](https://github.com/3lvis/Form)

[frida-cycript](https://github.com/nowsecure/frida-cycript)

[friends](https://github.com/JacobEvelyn/friends)

[fsociety](https://github.com/Manisso/fsociety)

[Furlough](https://github.com/stonesam92/Furlough)

[futurerestore](https://github.com/tihmstar/futurerestore)

[GammaThingy](https://github.com/thomasfinch/GammaThingy)

[GBA4iOS-master](https://github.com/gravemind1753/GBA4iOS-master)

[generated-awesomeness](https://github.com/orsinium-labs/generated-awesomeness)

[geocuts](https://github.com/adamtow/geocuts)

[Ghost.py](https://github.com/jeanphix/Ghost.py)

[GitHub Awesome: Browse Every Awesome List on
GitHub](https://app.polymersearch.com/discover/github-awesome)

[GitHub Code Search](https://github.com/search)

[github-cheat-sheet](https://github.com/tiimgreen/github-cheat-sheet)

[GitJournal](https://github.com/GitJournal/GitJournal)

[gitrob](https://github.com/michenriksen/gitrob)

[gitsome](https://github.com/donnemartin/gitsome)

[goindex](https://github.com/alx-xlx/goindex)

[google\_takeout\_parser](https://github.com/seanbreckenridge/google_takeout_parser)

[Google-Drive-Index](https://github.com/sawankumar/Google-Drive-Index)

[Google-maps-Location-Takeout-Visualizer](https://github.com/soulintzis/Google-maps-Location-Takeout-Visualizer)

[GoQuantifyYourself](https://github.com/tslmy/GoQuantifyYourself)

[GPS-Stone](https://github.com/frostland/GPS-Stone)

[GPUImage](https://github.com/BradLarson/GPUImage)

[graphql-engine](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine)

[great\_expectations](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations)

[GRecon](https://github.com/TebbaaX/GRecon)

[h8mail - databreach emails](https://github.com/khast3x/h8mail)

[Hack](https://github.com/source-foundry/Hack)

[hack-tools](https://github.com/hacktoolspack/hack-tools)

[HackBrowserData](https://github.com/moonD4rk/HackBrowserData)

[hacker-roadmap](https://github.com/sundowndev/hacker-roadmap)

[hacker-scripts](https://github.com/NARKOZ/hacker-scripts)

[Hacking](https://github.com/ckjbug/Hacking)

[Hacking\_Cheat\_Sheet](https://github.com/ksanchezcld/Hacking_Cheat_Sheet)

[hacking-tools](https://github.com/girishramnani/hacking-tools)

[Hacking-Tools-Repository](https://github.com/Gexos/Hacking-Tools-Repository)

[hacking-tutorials](https://github.com/maestron/hacking-tutorials)

[hackingtool](https://github.com/Hacking-repo/hackingtool)

[Hackingtool](https://github.com/Z4nzu/hackingtool)

[HackingTools](https://github.com/Laxa/HackingTools)

[hacktronian](https://github.com/thehackingsage/hacktronian)

[hawk](https://github.com/noctiverse/hawk)

[HeapInspector-for-iOS](https://github.com/tapwork/HeapInspector-for-iOS)

[HHRouter](https://github.com/lightory/HHRouter)

[histograph](https://github.com/CVCEeu-dh/histograph)

[historia](https://github.com/soujava/historia)

[history\_importer](https://github.com/stilist/history_importer)

[hollywood](https://github.com/dustinkirkland/hollywood)

[HookPlugins](https://github.com/kraigparkinson/HookPlugins)

[HPI](https://github.com/karlicoss/HPI)

[huginn](https://github.com/huginn/huginn)

[iap-local-receipt](https://github.com/SilentCircle/iap-local-receipt)

[iBoot64helper](https://github.com/argp/iBoot64helper)

[ichat2json](https://github.com/matrix-hacks/ichat2json)

[iControl](https://github.com/lavaalone/iControl)

[idev-recipes](https://github.com/boctor/idev-recipes)

[ifuse](https://github.com/libimobiledevice/ifuse)

[iHasApp](https://github.com/danielamitay/iHasApp)

[iKy](https://github.com/kennbroorg/iKy)

[iLEAPP](https://github.com/abrignoni/iLEAPP)

[iloot](https://github.com/hackappcom/iloot)

[imessage-analyze-and-export](https://github.com/siddhxrth/imessage-analyze-and-export)

[imessage-db-extract](https://github.com/kccqzy/imessage-db-extract)

[iMessage-Export](https://github.com/aaronpk/iMessage-Export)

[imessage-exporter](https://github.com/drbh/imessage-exporter)

[imessage-parser](https://github.com/janw/imessage-parser)

[imessage-to-html](https://github.com/mattdutson/imessage-to-html)

[imessage2csv](https://github.com/telnet23/imessage2csv)

[imessagebot](https://github.com/CamHenlin/imessagebot)

[imessageclient](https://github.com/CamHenlin/imessageclient)

[imessagegraphqlserver](https://github.com/CamHenlin/imessagegraphqlserver)

[iMessageModule](https://github.com/CamHenlin/iMessageModule)

[imessageninja](https://github.com/CamHenlin/imessageninja)

[iMessageService](https://github.com/CamHenlin/iMessageService)

[iMessageWebClient](https://github.com/CamHenlin/iMessageWebClient)

[iMessageWrappedRelease](https://github.com/michael-danello/iMessageWrappedRelease)

[IMMAT](https://github.com/ParthJadhav/IMMAT)

[InflatableDonkey](https://github.com/horrorho/InflatableDonkey)

[InformativeLite](https://github.com/dotar/InformativeLite)

[InformativeLite2.0](https://github.com/dotar/InformativeLite2.0)

[injectionforxcode](https://github.com/johnno1962/injectionforxcode)

[Inspy - LinkedIn tool](https://github.com/leapsecurity/InSpy)

[InstagramJsonMessageReader](https://github.com/vijaythreadtemp/InstagramJsonMessageReader)

[IntentKit](https://github.com/intentkit/IntentKit)

[introducing-python](https://github.com/madscheme/introducing-python)

[introducing-python-scripts](https://github.com/mq1tran/introducing-python-scripts)

[introspective](https://github.com/TimeDelta/introspective)

[Investigo](https://github.com/tdh8316/Investigo)

[ios\_stuff](https://github.com/pod2g/ios_stuff)

[iOS-Artwork-Extractor](https://github.com/0xced/iOS-Artwork-Extractor)

[iOS-Framework](https://github.com/jverkoey/iOS-Framework)

[ios-http-file-server](https://github.com/pedrohdz/ios-http-file-server)

[iOS-Jailbreak-Master-Repository](https://github.com/mikekalaf/iOS-Jailbreak-Master-Repository)

[ios-message-export](https://github.com/harrisoff/ios-message-export)

[ios-perl](https://github.com/mvu8912/ios-perl)

[iOS-private-api-checker](https://github.com/droidsec-cn/iOS-private-api-checker)

[iOS-private-api-scanner](https://github.com/mrmign/iOS-private-api-scanner)

[ios-resources](https://github.com/Siguza/ios-resources)

[iOS-Runtime-Headers](https://github.com/nst/iOS-Runtime-Headers)

[IOS-scripts](https://github.com/jmmaloney4/IOS-scripts)

[iOS-Slide-Menu](https://github.com/aryaxt/iOS-Slide-Menu)

[iOS-System-Services](https://github.com/Shmoopi/iOS-System-Services)

[iOS-Tweaks-Repo](https://github.com/Fadexz/iOS-Tweaks-Repo)

[iOS-Universal-Framework](https://github.com/kstenerud/iOS-Universal-Framework)

[ios2android](https://github.com/matheusjardimb/ios2android)

[ios8-ui-kit](https://github.com/rafaelconde/ios8-ui-kit)

[iOS9AdaptationTips](https://github.com/ChenYilong/iOS9AdaptationTips)

[iOSForensic](https://github.com/Flo354/iOSForensic)

[iOSPlot](https://github.com/honcheng/iOSPlot)

[iOSSecAudit](https://github.com/alibaba/iOSSecAudit)

[iOSShortcuts](https://github.com/heliomass/iOSShortcuts)

[iOSTraining](https://github.com/mixi-inc/iOSTraining)

[iphone-dataprotection.keychainviewer](https://github.com/GotoHack/iphone-dataprotection.keychainviewer)

[iphone-message-export](https://github.com/sethrj/iphone-message-export)

[iphone-sms-stats](https://github.com/ryanseys/iphone-sms-stats)

[iphonemessageexport](https://github.com/stephenhebert/iphonemessageexport)

[iProxy](https://github.com/tcurdt/iProxy)

[iPwn](https://github.com/brows3r/iPwn)

[iRecord](https://github.com/MagikModder/iRecord)

[iRepoMakerServer](https://github.com/Dave1482/iRepoMakerServer)

[iSAP](https://github.com/ap4y/iSAP)

[iScript](https://github.com/PeterDing/iScript)

[isign](https://github.com/sauce-archives/isign)

[iSniff-GPS](https://github.com/hubert3/iSniff-GPS)

[iTunes-Backup-Explorer](https://github.com/MaxiHuHe04/iTunes-Backup-Explorer)

[itunesfs](https://github.com/evilwindowdog/itunesfs)

[jailbreak](https://github.com/iSECPartners/jailbreak)

[jailbreak-update.github.io](https://github.com/Jailbreak-Update/jailbreak-update.github.io)

[Jailer](https://github.com/Wisser/Jailer)

[JASONETTE-iOS](https://github.com/Jasonette/JASONETTE-iOS)

[jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll)

[joplin](https://github.com/laurent22/joplin)

[journal](https://github.com/askedrelic/journal)

[journal-generator](https://github.com/tsu-nera/journal-generator)

[jrnl](https://github.com/jrnl-org/jrnl)

[JSONExport](https://github.com/Ahmed-Ali/JSONExport)

[jsongraph.py](https://github.com/jsongraph/jsongraph.py)

[JSQMessagesViewController](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController)

[kairoi](https://github.com/gverni/kairoi)

[kalliope](https://github.com/kalliope-project/kalliope)

[keen](https://github.com/ugilio/keen)

[kibitzr](https://github.com/kibitzr/kibitzr)

[KIF](https://github.com/kif-framework/KIF)

[kivy](https://github.com/kivy/kivy)

[knowledge-graphs](https://github.com/shaoxiongji/knowledge-graphs)

[Knuff](https://github.com/KnuffApp/Knuff)

[Koharu-Repository](https://github.com/kohaku-/Koharu-Repository)

[Komodo-CRM](https://github.com/Heapy/Komodo-CRM)

[krawll](https://github.com/kish1/krawll)

[lcp-pythonista-couchpotato](https://github.com/niels-k-86/lcp-pythonista-couchpotato)

[Leaflet.timeline](https://github.com/skeate/Leaflet.timeline)

[leaves](https://github.com/brow/leaves)

[libPhoneNumber-iOS](https://github.com/iziz/libPhoneNumber-iOS)

[Life](https://github.com/syahravi/Life)

[life](https://github.com/cheeaun/life)

[life-vault](https://github.com/top-on/life-vault)

[lifechart](https://github.com/infertux/lifechart)

[lifescope-app](https://github.com/LifeScopeLabs/lifescope-app)

[Limitless](https://github.com/JohnCoatesOSS/Limitless)

[Link2App](https://github.com/efrederickson/Link2App)

[linkedtv-editortool](https://github.com/beeldengeluid/linkedtv-editortool)

[Listory](https://github.com/apricote/Listory)

[lists](https://github.com/jnv/lists)

[livejournal-archive-tools](https://github.com/papatangosierra/livejournal-archive-tools)

[Localisations](https://github.com/friggog/Localisations)

[Localizable.strings2Excel](https://github.com/CatchZeng/Localizable.strings2Excel)

[location-data-to-heatmap](https://github.com/jacopofar/location-data-to-heatmap)

[logparser](https://github.com/lucianmarin/logparser)

[logseq](https://github.com/logseq/logseq)

[lua\_dump](https://github.com/lpcdma/lua_dump)

[lua-iphone](https://github.com/prapin/lua-iphone)

[lunch](https://github.com/oefe/lunch)

[M13ProgressSuite](https://github.com/Marxon13/M13ProgressSuite)

[maigret](https://github.com/soxoj/maigret)

[Mantle](https://github.com/Mantle/Mantle)

[Maps-Location-History](https://github.com/alexattia/Maps-Location-History)

[Masonry](https://github.com/SnapKit/Masonry)

[matrix-puppet-facebook](https://github.com/matrix-hacks/matrix-puppet-facebook)

[matrix-puppet-imessage](https://github.com/matrix-hacks/matrix-puppet-imessage)

[MEAT](https://github.com/jfarley248/MEAT)

[medium-article](https://github.com/chingjunetao/medium-article)

[MeiliSearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliSearch)

[Memacs](https://github.com/novoid/Memacs)

[MessageExporter](https://github.com/balasaida/MessageExporter)

[MessagesForMacintosh](https://github.com/CamHenlin/MessagesForMacintosh)

[messenger-data-analysis](https://github.com/uttamo/messenger-data-analysis)

[messenger-explorer](https://github.com/bogurd/messenger-explorer)

[MGSwipeTableCell](https://github.com/MortimerGoro/MGSwipeTableCell)

[microblog-mac](https://github.com/microdotblog/microblog-mac)

[mindset\_journaling\_app](https://github.com/markwk/mindset_journaling_app)

[Miscellaneous](https://github.com/kennytm/Miscellaneous)

[MLeaksFinder](https://github.com/Tencent/MLeaksFinder)

[mleaning-pythonista](https://github.com/Bob-Arctor/mleaning-pythonista)

[Mobile-Security-Framework-MobSF](https://github.com/MobSF/Mobile-Security-Framework-MobSF)

[MobileDevice](https://github.com/mountainstorm/MobileDevice)

[MobileHackingCheatSheet](https://github.com/randorisec/MobileHackingCheatSheet)

[momentary-zine](https://github.com/hackersanddesigners/momentary-zine)

[multiplex-plot](https://github.com/NicholasMamo/multiplex-plot)

[multrin](https://github.com/sentialx/multrin)

[music-timeline-bullet-journal](https://github.com/EdwardRutz/music-timeline-bullet-journal)

[MVVMReactiveCocoa](https://github.com/leichunfeng/MVVMReactiveCocoa)

[MWFeedParser](https://github.com/mwaterfall/MWFeedParser)

[MWPhotoBrowser](https://github.com/mwaterfall/MWPhotoBrowser)

[my-infosec-awesome](https://github.com/pe3zx/my-infosec-awesome)

[my-mac-os](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/my-mac-os)

[my-timeline-journal](https://github.com/wells19d/my-timeline-journal)

[MyPythonista](https://github.com/ltddev/MyPythonista)

[n8pythonista](https://github.com/n8henrie/n8pythonista)

[NavViewTemplate](https://github.com/ncarding/NavViewTemplate)

[neovim](https://github.com/neovim/neovim)

[netstalking-osint](https://github.com/netstalking-core/netstalking-osint)

[ngx-timeline](https://github.com/Albejr/ngx-timeline)

[NoCarrier](https://github.com/JonasGessner/NoCarrier)

[nocodb](https://github.com/nocodb/nocodb)

[notorious](https://github.com/danobot/notorious)

[novocaine](https://github.com/alexbw/novocaine)

[NSLogger](https://github.com/fpillet/NSLogger)

[Odysseus](https://github.com/wmjan/Odysseus)

[ohmyzsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh)

[OkSiri](https://github.com/jzplusplus/OkSiri)

[Onboard](https://github.com/mamaral/Onboard)

[OneForAll](https://github.com/shmilylty/OneForAll)

[onepassword-app-extension](https://github.com/agilebits/onepassword-app-extension)

[open-source-ios-apps](https://github.com/dkhamsing/open-source-ios-apps)

[open-source-mac-os-apps](https://github.com/serhii-londar/open-source-mac-os-apps)

[OpenBackupExtractor](https://github.com/vgmoose/OpenBackupExtractor)

[OpenDirectoryDownloader](https://github.com/KoalaBear84/OpenDirectoryDownloader)

[OpenPhoto](https://github.com/Buza/OpenPhoto)

[OpenUDID](https://github.com/ylechelle/OpenUDID)

[OptimistTeam.github.io](https://github.com/OptimistTeam/OptimistTeam.github.io)

[org-roam](https://github.com/org-roam/org-roam)

[org-roam-ui](https://github.com/org-roam/org-roam-ui)

[organize](https://github.com/tfeldmann/organize)

[orger](https://github.com/karlicoss/orger)

[osia](https://github.com/dkhamsing/osia)

[OSINT](https://github.com/sinwindie/OSINT)

[OSINT\_Collection](https://github.com/Ph055a/OSINT_Collection)

[OSINT\_Resources](https://github.com/demondogsports/OSINT_Resources)

[OSINT\_TIPS](https://github.com/blaCCkHatHacEEkr/OSINT_TIPS)

[Osint-Bookmarklets](https://github.com/B0sintBlanc/Osint-Bookmarklets)

[osint-tools](https://github.com/si727218/osint-tools)

[osinttools](https://github.com/WebBreacher/osinttools)

[OSX-Messages-Exporter](https://github.com/cfinke/OSX-Messages-Exporter)

[Other Awesome Lists -
Nubenetes](https://nubenetes.com/other-awesome-lists/)

[otwartezrodla](https://github.com/P3run/otwartezrodla)

[PaddleOCR](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleOCR)

[paper](https://github.com/10c8/paper)

[ParrotSec-docker-images](https://github.com/84KaliPleXon3/ParrotSec-docker-images)

[pattern](https://github.com/clips/pattern)

[pentest-bookmarks](https://github.com/jhaddix/pentest-bookmarks)

[PENTESTING-BIBLE](https://github.com/blaCCkHatHacEEkr/PENTESTING-BIBLE)

[perma](https://github.com/harvard-lil/perma)

[Personal-Analytics-Resources](https://github.com/vijayvardhan94/Personal-Analytics-Resources)

[personal-management-system](https://github.com/Volmarg/personal-management-system)

[phoneinfoga](https://github.com/sundowndev/phoneinfoga)

[PhoneInfoga](https://github.com/ExpertAnonymous/PhoneInfoga)

[PhoneInfoga - OSINT for Phone
numbers](https://github.com/sundowndev/PhoneInfoga)

[photo\_text](https://github.com/humberry/photo_text)

[phue](https://github.com/studioimaginaire/phue)

[pimcore](https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore)

[pinpal.github.io](https://github.com/PINPAL/pinpal.github.io)

[PINRemoteImage](https://github.com/pinterest/PINRemoteImage)

[Pluto.jl](https://github.com/fonsp/Pluto.jl)

[PNChart](https://github.com/kevinzhow/PNChart)

[polars](https://github.com/pola-rs/polars)

[PonyDebugger](https://github.com/square/PonyDebugger)

[popping](https://github.com/schneiderandre/popping)

[Presentations](https://github.com/mac4n6/Presentations)

[privrepo](https://github.com/ShazStar/privrepo)

[profiling](https://github.com/what-studio/profiling)

[Projects](https://github.com/miguelgazela/Projects)

[PropertyMapper](https://github.com/krzysztofzablocki/PropertyMapper)

[ProtOSINT](https://github.com/pixelbubble/ProtOSINT)

[PSCollectionView](https://github.com/ptshih/PSCollectionView)

[PunchClock](https://github.com/panicinc/PunchClock)

[PureLayout](https://github.com/PureLayout/PureLayout)

[pybrain](https://github.com/pybrain/pybrain)

[pyphi](https://github.com/wmayner/pyphi)

[pyreco](https://github.com/Mondego/pyreco)

[pyrecovery](https://github.com/grp/pyrecovery)

[pyScheme](https://github.com/xielingwang/pyScheme)

[pyspider](https://github.com/binux/pyspider)

[pyspotify](https://github.com/jodal/pyspotify)

[python](https://github.com/poise/python)

[Python\_projects](https://github.com/ganeshskudva/Python_projects)

[python\_pytest](https://github.com/tddbc/python_pytest)

[python-intro](https://github.com/pghpy/python-intro)

[python-peers](https://github.com/Harrisonkamau/python-peers)

[python-prospects](https://github.com/lyndsysimon/python-prospects)

[python-snippets27](https://github.com/bpuderer/python-snippets27)

[python-user-agents](https://github.com/selwin/python-user-agents)

[python-wechat](https://github.com/yeliu84/python-wechat)

[pythonista](https://github.com/tchich/pythonista)

[Pythonista](https://github.com/daviesia/Pythonista)

[Pythonista\_scene](https://github.com/cclauss/Pythonista_scene)

[Pythonista\_scripts](https://github.com/wizardofozzie/Pythonista_scripts)

[pythonista\_textlayout](https://github.com/balachandrana/pythonista_textlayout)

[Pythonista-Artnet](https://github.com/philchristensen/Pythonista-Artnet)

[Pythonista-Dropbox-Picker](https://github.com/zmitchell/Pythonista-Dropbox-Picker)

[Pythonista-Objective-C-Runtime-Library](https://github.com/Cethric/Pythonista-Objective-C-Runtime-Library)

[pythonista-pc](https://github.com/JadedTuna/pythonista-pc)

[Pythonista-Pixel-Editor](https://github.com/SebastianJarsve/Pythonista-Pixel-Editor)

[pythonista-reminderstore](https://github.com/mikaelho/pythonista-reminderstore)

[Pythonista-scripts](https://github.com/jesperpsvensson/Pythonista-scripts)

[pythonista-scripts](https://github.com/khilnani/pythonista-scripts)

[pythonista-textadv](https://github.com/robjsliwa/pythonista-textadv)

[Pythonista-theme-utils](https://github.com/controversial/Pythonista-theme-utils)

[Pythonista-Tools](https://github.com/Pythonista-Tools/Pythonista-Tools)

[pythonista-tools-installer](https://github.com/ywangd/pythonista-tools-installer)

[Pythonista-UI-Templates](https://github.com/controversial/Pythonista-UI-Templates)

[Pythonista-Webbrowser](https://github.com/SebastianJarsve/Pythonista-Webbrowser)

[PythonistaAppTemplate](https://github.com/omz/PythonistaAppTemplate)

[PythonistaScripts](https://github.com/brosensteiner/PythonistaScripts)

[pythonistaTimecard](https://github.com/netdude78/pythonistaTimecard)

[pyzipista](https://github.com/marcus67/pyzipista)

[qs](https://github.com/mcwaage1/qs)

[QS-data-flow-network-graph](https://github.com/ran88dom99/QS-data-flow-network-graph)

[qs-location-dashboard](https://github.com/tyguy-1122/qs-location-dashboard)

[quantified-self](https://github.com/DongjunLee/quantified-self)

[Quantified-Self-Reports](https://github.com/Essux/Quantified-Self-Reports)

[Quantified-Self-Visualizations](https://github.com/Essux/Quantified-Self-Visualizations)

[quantitare](https://github.com/quantitare/quantitare)

[quantitare-categories](https://github.com/quantitare/quantitare-categories)

[quickstats-django](https://github.com/quickstats/quickstats-django)

[QuincyKit](https://github.com/bitstadium/QuincyKit)

[Reachability](https://github.com/tonymillion/Reachability)

[read\_from\_Google\_Drive](https://github.com/cclauss/read_from_Google_Drive)

[recipy](https://github.com/recipy/recipy)

[reconspider](https://github.com/bhavsec/reconspider)

[RecordMyScreen](https://github.com/coolstar/RecordMyScreen)

[Red-Teaming-Toolkit](https://github.com/infosecn1nja/Red-Teaming-Toolkit)

[redash](https://github.com/getredash/redash)

[rednotebook](https://github.com/jendrikseipp/rednotebook)

[REMenu](https://github.com/romaonthego/REMenu)

[repo](https://github.com/nicho1asdev/repo)

[repofinder](https://github.com/HomemadeToast57/repofinder)

[ReposList](https://github.com/lucidslair666/ReposList)

[ResearchKit](https://github.com/ResearchKit/ResearchKit)

[Resources-for-learning-Hacking](https://github.com/faizann24/Resources-for-learning-Hacking)

[RevealLoader](https://github.com/heardrwt/RevealLoader)

[rich](https://github.com/willmcgugan/rich)

[routable-ios](https://github.com/clayallsopp/routable-ios)

[route-me](https://github.com/route-me/route-me)

[rpi-security](https://github.com/FutureSharks/rpi-security)

[RQShineLabel](https://github.com/zipme/RQShineLabel)

[rTracker](https://github.com/rob-miller/rTracker)

[rust](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust)

[sample](https://github.com/pythonista-cloud/sample)

[sarif](https://github.com/sarifsystems/sarif)

[sbhnkhrmn.github.io](https://github.com/sbhnkhrmn/sbhnkhrmn.github.io)

[SBJson](https://github.com/SBJson/SBJson)

[scriptable](https://github.com/jordanmerrick/scriptable)

[scrobbl](https://github.com/jrk/scrobbl)

[searx](https://github.com/wcerfgba/searx)

[Security-App](https://github.com/softctrl/Security-App)

[security-arch](https://github.com/rtcweb-wg/security-arch)

[selfspy](https://github.com/selfspy/selfspy)

[server](https://github.com/pythonista-cloud/server)

[shadowsocks-iOS](https://github.com/shadowsocks/shadowsocks-iOS)

[shellista-bashhistory](https://github.com/jsbain/shellista-bashhistory)

[Shhgit.com](https://www.shhgit.com/)

[ShinyR-iMessageBrowser](https://github.com/minesweeper106/ShinyR-iMessageBrowser)

[shortcutsdirectory](https://github.com/jordanmerrick/shortcutsdirectory)

[Sideload-Apps](https://github.com/julioverne/Sideload-Apps)

[SignTools](https://github.com/SignTools/SignTools)

[SimpleTimeline](https://github.com/vincnttt/SimpleTimeline)

[SimulatorStatusMagic](https://github.com/shinydevelopment/SimulatorStatusMagic)

[Siri-API](https://github.com/RobinMeis/Siri-API)

[sirishortcuts](https://github.com/jensbrehmen/sirishortcuts)

[sitedorks](https://github.com/Zarcolio/sitedorks)

[sitewhere](https://github.com/sitewhere/sitewhere)

[slugelisp](https://github.com/ahungry/slugelisp)

[Smissy](https://github.com/peterhajas/Smissy)

[sms-db](https://github.com/tmo1/sms-db)

[SMS-Tools](https://github.com/t413/SMS-Tools)

[SMS.db-to-CSV](https://github.com/joshbrunty/SMS.db-to-CSV)

[SMSDB2HTML](https://github.com/Maxmad68/SMSDB2HTML)

[smsExport](https://github.com/bernuli/smsExport)

[snippets](https://github.com/sole/snippets)

[social-analyzer](https://github.com/qeeqbox/social-analyzer)

[socid-extractor](https://github.com/soxoj/socid-extractor)

[spacemacs](https://github.com/syl20bnr/spacemacs)

[SpaceVim](https://github.com/SpaceVim/SpaceVim)

[speech\_recognition](https://github.com/Uberi/speech_recognition)

[spiderfoot](https://github.com/smicallef/spiderfoot)

[spirit](https://github.com/comex/spirit)

[spirit-linux](https://github.com/posixninja/spirit-linux)

[SPLnFFT\_tools](https://github.com/cclauss/SPLnFFT_tools)

[ssl-kill-switch2](https://github.com/nabla-c0d3/ssl-kill-switch2)

[SSLBypass](https://github.com/evilpenguin/SSLBypass)

[stallion](https://github.com/perone/stallion)

[starred](https://github.com/maguowei/starred)

[stash](https://github.com/ywangd/stash)

[stethoscope](https://github.com/stethoscope-js/stethoscope)

[storm](https://github.com/emre/storm)

[StreetComplete](https://github.com/streetcomplete/StreetComplete)

[structured-text-tools](https://github.com/dbohdan/structured-text-tools)

[substitute](https://github.com/comex/substitute)

[summarize.py](https://github.com/vgel/summarize.py)

[superdb](https://github.com/Shopify/superdb)

[svg-timeline](https://github.com/davorg/svg-timeline)

[swift-shortcuts](https://github.com/a2/swift-shortcuts)

[SwipeView](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwipeView)

[taskpaperscripts](https://github.com/underscorephil/taskpaperscripts)

[TBomb](https://github.com/TheSpeedX/TBomb)

[TeleBot](https://github.com/xditya/TeleBot)

[Ten-lines-or-less](https://github.com/cclauss/Ten-lines-or-less)

[tesseract](https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tesseract)

[text-message-analysis-notebook](https://github.com/jlumbroso/text-message-analysis-notebook)

[textricator](https://github.com/measuresforjustice/textricator)

[th-editorials-python](https://github.com/venkateshshukla/th-editorials-python)

[th-editorials-server](https://github.com/venkateshshukla/th-editorials-server)

[the-book-of-secret-knowledge](https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge)

[The-Ultimate-Insult-Creator](https://github.com/ShambhalaLogan/The-Ultimate-Insult-Creator)

[TheAmazingAudioEngine](https://github.com/TheAmazingAudioEngine/TheAmazingAudioEngine)

[Theano](https://github.com/Theano/Theano)

[theHarvester - Email, domain
scrape](https://github.com/laramies/theharvester)

[theos](https://github.com/theos/theos)

[thereiclippedit](https://github.com/sedm0784/thereiclippedit)

[thingsboard](https://github.com/thingsboard/thingsboard)

[thread-time](https://github.com/PicoJr/thread-time)

[three20](https://github.com/facebookarchive/three20)

[TiAccurateTimer](https://github.com/jaraen/TiAccurateTimer)

[tilde](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/tilde)

[time-viz](https://github.com/sysrep/time-viz)

[timeline](https://github.com/ionstage/timeline)

[Timeline](https://github.com/Maumagnaguagno/Timeline)

[timeline-exporter](https://github.com/reinzor/timeline-exporter)

[timeline-maker](https://github.com/chars-mc/timeline-maker)

[timeline-visualization](https://github.com/alkashef/timeline-visualization)

[Timeline.fm](https://github.com/Botffy/Timeline.fm)

[timeliner](https://github.com/happy-mammal/timeliner)

[timelines](https://github.com/FranciscaOrtizRuiz/timelines)

[TimelineView](https://github.com/Repsly/TimelineView)

[timelineViewer](https://github.com/FWMSH/timelineViewer)

[timesketch](https://github.com/google/timesketch)

[tineline](https://github.com/leso-kn/tineline)

[To-The-Apples-Core](https://github.com/joncardasis/To-The-Apples-Core)

[TOWebViewController](https://github.com/TimOliver/TOWebViewController)

[TPKeyboardAvoiding](https://github.com/michaeltyson/TPKeyboardAvoiding)

[Traverse](https://github.com/bolencki13/Traverse)

[tree-tools](https://github.com/RobTrew/tree-tools)

[trilium](https://github.com/zadam/trilium)

[TSMessages](https://github.com/KrauseFx/TSMessages)

[Tweaks](https://github.com/facebookarchive/Tweaks)

[tweaks](https://github.com/srolfe/tweaks)

[twitter-json\_to\_orgmode](https://github.com/novoid/twitter-json_to_orgmode)

[TWMessageBarManager](https://github.com/terryworona/TWMessageBarManager)

[typed-tree](https://github.com/brettkromkamp/typed-tree)

[ubi\_reader](https://github.com/jrspruitt/ubi_reader)

[uiStyle](https://github.com/briarfox/uiStyle)

[USN-Journal-Parser](https://github.com/PoorBillionaire/USN-Journal-Parser)

[utilities](https://github.com/theiostream/utilities)

[Valet](https://github.com/square/Valet)

[Ve](https://github.com/schneelittchen/Ve)

[VeloxLite](https://github.com/codyd51/VeloxLite)

[ViewDeck](https://github.com/ViewDeck/ViewDeck)

[viewfinder](https://github.com/viewfinderco/viewfinder)

[vis-timeline](https://github.com/visjs/vis-timeline)

[Visualizing-Social-Media-Data](https://github.com/xbwei/Visualizing-Social-Media-Data)

[visx](https://github.com/airbnb/visx)

[vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite)

[vMacForiOS](https://github.com/carbamide/vMacForiOS)

[walt\_pythonista](https://github.com/ludwa6/walt_pythonista)

[WantWords](https://github.com/thunlp/WantWords)

[WarezBot](https://github.com/enzobes/WarezBot)

[watchdog](https://github.com/gorakhargosh/watchdog)

[wc\_sync](https://github.com/pysmath/wc_sync)

[Webfinery \| Source Code Search](https://webfinery.com/search)

[wifiphisher](https://github.com/wifiphisher/wifiphisher)

[wildcard](https://github.com/geoffreylitt/wildcard)

[Win10](https://github.com/kacos2000/Win10)

[wire-ios](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-ios)

[wm-design](https://github.com/jhhjhh/wm-design)

[WordPress-iOS](https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS)

[Wyrick-s\_Repo\_List](https://github.com/chasewyrick/Wyrick-s_Repo_List)

[XCDYouTubeKit](https://github.com/0xced/XCDYouTubeKit)

[XcodeScripts](https://github.com/alexlee002/XcodeScripts)

[XLForm](https://github.com/xmartlabs/XLForm)

[xpwn](https://github.com/planetbeing/xpwn)

[xpwn-ios](https://github.com/nickpack/xpwn-ios)

[yoga](https://github.com/WebBreacher/yoga)

[YYKit](https://github.com/ibireme/YYKit)

[YYText](https://github.com/ibireme/YYText)

[Zappa](https://github.com/Miserlou/Zappa)

[Zebra](https://github.com/zbrateam/Zebra)

[Zeitline](https://github.com/octree-gva/Zeitline)

[Zero-to-Emacs-and-Org-roam](https://github.com/nobiot/Zero-to-Emacs-and-Org-roam)

[zerotab-old](https://github.com/thezeroalpha/zerotab-old)

[ZFDragableModalTransition](https://github.com/zoonooz/ZFDragableModalTransition)

### How-To\'s and Continious Learning {#how-tos-and-continious-learning add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

### Cheetsheet {#cheetsheet add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[1541 Programming Cheat Sheets - Cheatography.com: Cheat Sheets For
Every Occasion](https://cheatography.com/programming/)

[Big-O Algorithm Complexity Cheat Sheet (Know Thy Complexities!)
\@ericdrowell](https://www.bigocheatsheet.com/)

[cppreference.com](https://en.cppreference.com/w)

[Devhints --- TL;DR for developer documentation](https://devhints.io/)

### Git {#git add_date="1645622549" last_modified="0"}

[Git - Downloading Package](https://git-scm.com/download/mac)

[A Beginner's Guide to Git --- How to Start and Create your First
Repository](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-beginners-guide-to-git-how-to-create-your-first-github-project-c3ff53f56861/)

[A Framework meant for the exploitation of iOS devices. \|
PythonRepo](https://pythonrepo.com/repo/0x1CA3-iPwn)

[Become a Programmer,
Motherfucker](http://programming-motherfucker.com/become.html)

[dyrobooks](https://dyrobooks.com/blog/2018/06/30/batch-convert-files-with-pandoc/)

[dyrobooks](https://dyrobooks.com/blog/2018/07/29/pandoc-and-hanging-indents/)

[dyrobooks](https://dyrobooks.com/blog/2018/07/29/wrapping-code-blocks-in-print/)

[GitHub - arangodb-foxx/ifttt-example: IFTTT Webhook
example](https://github.com/arangodb-foxx/ifttt-example)

[How to Get List of Installed Programs in Windows 10? --
TheITBros](https://theitbros.com/how-to-get-list-of-installed-programs-in-windows-10/)

[IFTTT Webhook Integration: A Complete 7 Step Guide to Connect your
Favourite Apps](https://hevodata.com/learn/ifttt-webhook/)

[iOS Pentesting 101 \| Cobalt
Blog](https://cobalt.io/blog/ios-pentesting-101)

[Linux apt command help and
examples](https://www.computerhope.com/unix/apt.htm)

[List all installed software on
PC](https://superuser.com/questions/447277/list-all-installed-software-on-pc)

[Master Keyboard Shortcuts with KeyCombiner](https://keycombiner.com/)

[mhinz/vim-galore: All things Vim!](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-galore)

[Org Mode tools!](https://orgmode.org/worg/org-tools/index.html)

[Powerful Terminal And Command-Line (CLI) Tools For Modern Web
Development --- Smashing
Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2021/11/powerful-terminal-commandline-tools-modern-web-development/)

[Regex Learn - Step by step, from zero to
advanced.](https://regexlearn.com/)

[Terminal apps for iOS. Use Command Line on
iPhone](https://kubadownload.com/news/ios-terminal/)

[The Home of No-Code: A curated directory of resources and tools for
non-techs](https://www.nocode.tech/)

[Using AsciiDoc and Asciidoctor to write documentation -
Tutorial](https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/AsciiDoc/article.html)

### HTML & CSS {#html-css add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[A react component to display event in a vertical timeline
format](https://reactjsexample.com/a-react-component-to-display-event-in-a-vertical-timeline-format/)

[Building a Vertical Timeline With CSS and a Touch of
JavaScript](https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/tutorials/building-a-vertical-timeline-with-css-and-a-touch-of-javascript--cms-26528)

[Vertical Timeline in CSS and
JavaScript](https://codyhouse.co/gem/vertical-timeline/)

### JSON {#json add_date="1645622549" last_modified="0"}

[JSON Storage & JSON Hosting Service -
JSONBin.io](https://jsonbin.io/?ref=producthunt)

### Markdown {#markdown add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[](https://readme.so/)

[Convert markdown to styled html -
Pretag](https://pretagteam.com/question/convert-markdown-to-styled-html)

[Creating Timelines in
Markdown](https://chrisrosser.net/posts/2020/06/05/wwb-5-creating-timelines-in-markdown/)

[Deepdwn by billiam](https://billiam.itch.io/deepdwn?ref=producthunt)

[dyrobooks](https://dyrobooks.com/blog/2018/02/10/a-markdown-cheatsheet/)

[dyrobooks](https://dyrobooks.com/blog/2018/04/03/using-markdown/)

[GitHub - ozum/concat-md: CLI and API to concatenate markdown files and
modify as necessary.](https://github.com/ozum/concat-md)

[HackMD - Collaborative Markdown Knowledge Base](https://hackmd.io/)

[Markdown - Blot](https://blot.im/how/format/markdown)

[Markdown cheatsheet](https://devhints.io/markdown)

[Markdown Live](https://markdown-live.netlify.app/?ref=producthunt)

[The Ultimate Guide to Writing & Publishing with
Markdown](https://ghost.org/changelog/markdown/)

[Timeline in
Markdown](https://cawal.github.io/markdown/2017/10/13/timeline_in_markdown.html)

[Tools \| Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/tools/)

[Tree - „ÉÑ„É™„ÉºÁä∂„Å´Êõ∏„Åè„ÄÅ„Éû„Éº„ÇØ„ÉÄ„Ç¶„É≥„Éâ„Ç≠„É•„É°„É≥„Éà„ÄÇ](https://tree.md/)

[tree.nathanfriend.io](https://tree.nathanfriend.io/?s=(%27options!(%27fancy0~fullPath0~trailingSlash!false~rootDot0)~2(%272%27_Father-_Musician-*_Automation._3**_Content%20Explorer._%27)~version!%271%27)*%20%20-._%2030!true2source!3%5Cn*%01320-*)

[udacity-fsnd/markdown-guide.md at main ¬∑
br3ndonland/udacity-fsnd](https://github.com/br3ndonland/udacity-fsnd/blob/main/info/markdown-guide.md)

[Yehez-Markdown-Editor](https://markdown.yehezgun.com/?ref=producthunt)

### Python {#python add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[Extracting Song Data From the Spotify API Using
Python](https://link.medium.com/ik6jrRug4lb)

[Nuitka the Python Compiler](https://nuitka.net/)

### Regex {#regex add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[RegEx Library](https://uibakery.io/regex-library)

[RegexBuddy: Learn, Create, Understand, Test, Use and Save Regular
Expression](https://www.regexbuddy.com/)

[Rubular](https://rubular.com/)

### Resources {#resources add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[Console \| Jackson Kelley \| Substack](https://console.substack.com/)

[dyrobooks](https://dyrobooks.com/)

[explainshell.com - match command-line arguments to their help
text](https://explainshell.com/)

[GitHub - sunilkumarvalmiki/Anonymous-Developemnt-Resources: this Repo
contain\'s A list of useful development resources . . .
.](https://github.com/sunilkumarvalmiki/Anonymous-Developemnt-Resources)

[LibHunt - Trending open-source projects and their
alternatives](https://www.libhunt.com/)

[Node.js uses markdown-it to batch convert md content to html -
Programmer All](https://programmerall.com/article/6125189202/)

[TopAnswers --- Knowledge Communities](https://topanswers.xyz/)

### Terminal {#terminal add_date="1645622549" last_modified="1645624154"}

[0nn0/terminal-mac-cheatsheet: List of my most used commands and
shortcuts in the terminal for
Mac](https://github.com/0nn0/terminal-mac-cheatsheet#shortcuts)

[All commands](https://www.commandlinefu.com/commands/browse)

[An A-Z Index of Windows CMD commands - SS64.com](https://ss64.com/nt)

[asciinema - Record and share your terminal sessions, the right
way](https://asciinema.org/)

[Bitburner](https://danielyxie.github.io/bitburner)

[exa ¬∑ a modern replacement for ls](https://the.exa.website/)

[GitHub - ibraheemdev/modern-unix: A collection of modern/faster/saner
alternatives to common unix
commands.](https://github.com/ibraheemdev/modern-unix)

[Home \| asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/)

[Is there a way to represent a directory tree in a Github
README.md?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23989232/is-there-a-way-to-represent-a-directory-tree-in-a-github-readme-md/35889620)

[macOS Terminal commands every Mac user should
know](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/macos-terminal-commands-every-mac-user-should-know/)

[My brew cask
list](https://gist.github.com/p4rk0ur/9edd5c177b153e3327f98f6a22aec193)

[My brew
list](https://gist.github.com/p4rk0ur/9c75c85d7c36d192179d146e58909c52)

[ShellCheck -- shell script analysis tool](https://www.shellcheck.net/)

[The Linux LS Command -- How to List Files in a Directory + Option
Flags](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-linux-ls-command-how-to-list-files-in-a-directory-with-options/)

[thefuck](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck)

[Vertical](https://vertical.carrd.co/)

[Add a Timeline to Your Vue.js
App](https://thewebdev.info/2020/12/21/add-a-timeline-to-your-vuejs-app/)

[Building a Simple timeline React
component](https://andresjpulido.medium.com/building-a-simple-timeline-react-component-5a782501fbb5)

[Get list of all files in Google
Photos](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36871477/get-list-of-all-files-in-google-photos)

[GitHub - Albejr/jquery-albe-timeline: JQUERY plugin for rendering
timelines from the JSON
data.](https://github.com/Albejr/jquery-albe-timeline)

[GitHub - andresjpulido/tutorial-timeline: React component built with
React](https://github.com/andresjpulido/tutorial-timeline)

[gphotos-sync](https://pypi.org/project/gphotos-sync/)

[How Do I Make \"Super Awesome Vertical Timeline\" use a JSON data
source?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17956279/how-do-i-make-super-awesome-vertical-timeline-use-a-json-data-source)

[The Top 172 Recovery Open Source Projects on
Github](https://awesomeopensource.com/projects/recovery)

[Timeline - A responsive, jQuery-based timeline
generator](https://ryanfitzgerald.github.io/vertical-timeline/)

[timeline - vis.js - A dynamic, browser based visualization
library.](https://visjs.github.io/vis-timeline/docs/timeline/)

[Timeline
documentation](https://almende.github.io/chap-links-library/js/timeline/doc/)

[Timeline Vue](https://codesandbox.io/s/n094ypklvl)

[Tools](https://tools.kausalflow.com/tools/)

[Vertical timeline and
json](https://processwire.com/talk/topic/5523-vertical-timeline-and-json/)
